TAG
Demolitionist
TAB
People
REL
AkariLabs;Ibuki;Saya;Zanaveth2;Hell;UAC;Nekuratek;Belt;Collar;Keychain;Propulsor;Hammerspace;Display;Voicebox
TXT
Full Name: Akari Labs First Generation Autonomous Combat Unit
Codename: Demolitionist
Nationality: Japanese
Date Of Birth: 2148-01-20

Summary: The Demolitionist is a refinement of the former Red Oni supersoldier program, an AI-controlled combat unit capable of efficiently utilizing any weaponry at its disposition. It is equipped with a portable JetBurst Impulsor unit, allowing it to perform rapid mid-air boosts and dashes, it also comes equipped with two Hammerspace containers, for easy access to carried weapons and ammunition, the two, along with a keychain, being attached to a Magnetic Utility Belt. Its AI core is built on the same technology as Akari Labs' maidbots, the Nekuronbot AI framework, provided as a gift of friendship between Saya and Zanaveth II, the current head of Nekuratek. Thanks to this technology, and combined with a CuteEmotion Display and Loudboi Voicebox, the Demolitionist is barely indistinguishable from a real person in its behaviour and emotional response, which makes interaction with civilians more comforting. The first unit was deployed in June of 2148 on Union States territory in order to combat the demonic invasion brought upon by the UAC's interventions on Hell.

Addendum: Many more details are known about the first Demolitionist thanks to a Q&A session livestreamed by Saya Miyamoto. The unit's full name is "Demo Miyamoto", as given by Saya herself. They identify as non-binary, and remark that along with they/them, she/her pronouns are also acceptable. Personality-wise, they can be described as "quite chatty", fond of joking around and trying to put a smile on people's faces, but also very serious and determined in their desire to protect those in need. Demo also wears a "Lucky Collar" as a token of friendship from Saya, though most people remark that it looks like some sort of BDSM accessory.

Saya's Note: Have you finished reading about yourself? Yes, Demo-chan, I know you are reading this. OooOOOooOo~, spooky isn't it? Get back to work, you silly robutt.
