TAG
Hell
TAB
Lore
REL
Imanaki;UAC;Saya;Ellen
TXT
Name: Hell
Classification: Nether realm

Summary: A vast world separate from our own, inhabited by creatures that could only be described as "demons". This Hell was first discovered through the various interdimensional travel experiments done by Imanaki Corp back in the early 21st century, although the UAC has put a lot of effort into hiding this fact and claiming to be the first to do so instead. Their response to the UAC walking right in and attempting to steal their precious resources has been that of total annihilation. Starting from the first incidents on Mars and its moons, and now a full-fledged invasion of Earth, there is not much hope left for mankind. Unless we do something about it, that is.

Addendum: The current rulers of Hell are not legitimately recognized by most of the population, as they forcibly took over when the true Royal Family gave them more power than they should. Hell used to be a much quieter place before their hostile takeover, relatively peaceful, even, apart from some rare incursions by other nations who saw them as enemies. The various generals of Hell's armies desired more power, to fight back those pesky invaders, and so Prince Akusei gave it to them, a terrible mistake he regrets to this day.

Saya's Note: I know quite a lot about Hell's history thanks to Cytho-sama, Ellen-chan's grandfather. He tells us lots of stories about his life back there. It's intriguing that, in a way, they are not ALL bad, and I bet the good people in there also have it rough seeing what their armies do to us. Stuff like this... it's much more common than one may think. You can't really paint one whole nation as "the enemy", there are many innocent people in there who want none of it, who actively reject and denounce what's happening...
TXT
Name: Hell
Classification: Nether realm

Summary: A vast world separate from our own, inhabited by creatures that could only be described as "demons". This Hell was first discovered through the various interdimensional travel experiments done by Imanaki Corp back in the early 21st century, although the UAC has put a lot of effort into hiding this fact and claiming to be the first to do so instead. Their response to the UAC walking right in and attempting to steal their precious resources was that of total annihilation. Starting from the first incidents on Mars and its moons, then a full-fledged invasion of Earth. Had it not been for the Demolitionist's actions, humanity would have perished.

Addendum: The current rulers of Hell are not legitimately recognized by most of the population, as they forcibly took over when the true Royal Family gave them more power than they should. Hell used to be a much quieter place before their hostile takeover, relatively peaceful, even, apart from some rare incursions by other nations who saw them as enemies. The various generals of Hell's armies desired more power, to fight back those pesky invaders, and so Prince Akusei gave it to them, a terrible mistake he regrets to this day. After the defeat of the Icon of Sin, it appears that they no longer have the resources for another full-fledged invasion, so Earth can now at least enjoy some peace.

Saya's Note: I know quite a lot about Hell's history thanks to Cytho-sama, Ellen-chan's grandfather. He tells us lots of stories about his life back there. It's intriguing that, in a way, they are not ALL bad, and I bet the good people in there also had it rough seeing what their armies did to us. Stuff like this... it's much more common than one may think. You can't really paint one whole nation as "the enemy", there are many innocent people in there who want none of it, who actively reject and denounce what's happening...
