TAG
UAC
TAB
People
REL
Doomguy;Saya;Hell
TXT
Name: Union Aerospace Corporation
Classification: Military Conglomerate, Research Foundation
Location: Union States, Mars and Jupiter

Summary: Founded in 2015 by Thomas Kelliher, as a shell company of the Union Aerospace Armed Forces (UAAF). The UAC's rise to power began in 2025 with its famous Joint Mars Expeditions. Since the creation of "Mars City" and the various posts in Phobos and Deimos, the UAC has been effectively working outside of Earth law, which has caused endless controversy. Moreso after securing their position as the largest military body on Earth in the aftermath of World War 3. In recent years, their experiments in teleportation made the news after a critical failure resulted in an invasion from Hell itself, along with the disappearance of the entire moon of Deimos, and eventually resulted in the demons making their way towards Earth. Governments all across the world have their hands full trying to fend off the attackers, but despite the constant bombardment of his accounts on social media, current CEO Ian Kelliher has refused to give any explanation about this incident. The only information provided is that they "have a man" that can fix everything.

Addendum: Many rumors surround this company. There are also several accusations of involvement in illegal weapons research and countless cases of worker's rights violations.

Saya's Note: Oh they TOTALLY deserve what happened to them, and I hope they get screwed even harder for this blunder. I'm glad I never invested in their shit. Lil' kiddo can eat my shorts, by the way, 'cause his errand boy ain't gonna fix shit. I don't care what the stories say, this "Doom Marine" is just some rando who got lucky, nothing more.
TXT
Name: Union Aerospace Corporation
Classification: Military Conglomerate, Research Foundation
Location: Union States, Mars and Jupiter

Summary: Founded in 2015 by Thomas Kelliher, as a shell company of the Union Aerospace Armed Forces (UAAF). The UAC's rise to power began in 2025 with its famous Joint Mars Expeditions. Since the creation of "Mars City" and the various posts in Phobos and Deimos, the UAC has been effectively working outside of Earth law, which has caused endless controversy. Moreso after securing their position as the largest military body on Earth in the aftermath of World War 3. They were mainly responsible for the invasion from Hell which caused more than half of the planet to be almost entirely wiped out by Demonic forces. However, thanks to the efforts of Akari Labs' Demolitionist, the invasion was switfly dealt with.

Addendum: Ever since the incident, the company has gone through a major reform, having lost most of its leading staff, and is now tightly supervised by the Union States government. Since 2150, they have made it their goal to repair the damages Earth had suffered. There are currently no clear estimates of how long this may take.

Saya's Note: It's satisfying as all fuck to see this ugly-ass giant fall. Man, the whole thing with the invasion was just awful, you know. But I'm happy that we at least did our part there. Ah... that clown, once "the most powerful man in the world", now the government's lap dog... my sides have gone into orbit.
