TAG
The White Scar
TAB
Lore
REL
Nukuri;NosKora;Saya;Zanaveth2
TXT
Name: The White Scar
Classification: Armed Conflict
Timeframe: 2073 - 2077

Summary: In June of 2073, the President of the United States made some very insulting comments about the Nukuri, who were currently in the middle of their 7th World War. They were not very well received. Many Nukuri previously settled on Earth migrated in protest, the emperor of Nahkami had many things to say, and the ball just kept rolling. In no time, the conflict reached its boiling point, and the Nukuri Empire declared war on the US, ready to launch a direct attack as "punishment for their insolence". Ground units were deployed in September of 2074, and thus the war began. There were many loses for both sides, in their attempt to "slay the beast from within", however, in just three more years, the entire country had fallen. The president was then given a choice: either publicly apologize for his words against the Nukuri Empire, or watch as the wrath of the Emperor falls upon his people. He rejected this proposition, and all Nukuri forces were ordered to leave the area. Then, it happened: With a blinding flash of light, an orbital strike hit several major US cities, reducing them to ashes. Most people who were indoors at the time survived, the rest were not so lucky.

Addendum: When news broke of what had happened on Earth, protests broke out all over the Nukuri Empire, further fueling the still ongoing WW7. Chaos ensued for almost 30 years, until the founders of the University of Nos-Kora stepped in, and put a stop to the war all by themselves. Their ultimatum was taken very seriously, and thus a massive reform began, starting with the Emperor being forced out into exile, never to be allowed to return. The reform reached its climax in 2108, with the formation of the Nukuri Unified Government. Despite all this, relations with the Nukuri were never truly restored, with the exception of various previously allied countries, such as Scotland and Japan.

Saya's Note: Man, this was one of the darkest moments in history. Really fucks me up thinking about it again, especially after I had learned from Zana-sama how things were on the other side. The Nukuri folks were anything but peaceful back in the day, but only because the guy running the show was a fucking megalomaniac asshole supervillain, like fucking hell, toasting the entire US for a BUNCH OF TWEETS. Practically everyone in there turned on him when it happened. The fucker signed his own death sentence right there. On top of that having those two weirdos step in and just... ENDING the war by themselves. Good lord, I hope I never piss them off.
